Short cuts make for long delays!
Good day, #.
Good day!
May the hair on your toes never fall out, #!
May the hair on your toes never fall out.
The road goes ever on and on...
Adventures? Nasty things, they are. Make you late for dinner.
Is it time for second breakfast yet?
Welcome to the Shire!
Welcome to the Shire, #!
The only brew for the brave and true... comes from the Green Dragon!
Where would we Hobbits be without pipe-weed?
Don't you wish you lived in a Hobbit hole too?
Hobbit holes! Warmth, good food, and comfort.
It's a dangerous business, going out your front door.
And how are you today, #?
The Sackville-Bagginses came for lunch yesterday. Now I can't find any of my plates, nor my mugs...
Good day to you, #! How are you doing?
There's nothing quite like a pint of ale from the Green Dragon!
Greetings, #! I've seldom seen Big Folk like you around these parts!
Welcome to the Shire, traveller from afar! What news do you bring from the wide world?
I don't know what I'd do without a good leaf of Longbottom on a hot summer's day!
I have relatives in Buckland. They're funny fellows...
The market in Stock is a great place for food, drink and pipe-weed!
Have you seen the frogs in the marshes around Frogmorton way?
The Northern Moors are wild and windy, but full of fine inns with homely hearths.
Have you any pipe-weed, #?
People tell of Elves in the woods near Willowbottom. I reckon it's just the Largefoot family!
It's best to avoid Sarn Ford. That's where all the travelling folk meet, and some of them can be very queer!
This here field is full of rabbits! Better get the little ones to chase them off!
I don't want any adventures, thank you very much!
My knowledge of potatoes is second to only the Gamgees!
On a breezy day I like to lie beneath an oak tree and sleep. Like we hobbits should!
Longbottom is the leaf of wonders! Is it not, #?
My flowerbeds could do with a good sprinkling!
Hello, #. Are you staying long?
For a jolly day out I suggest Needlehole... or food!
A fine meal is always the best option!
Mmm, buttered potato and peas...
I find farming to be a pleasant pastime! Have you tried it, #?
The finest pleasure is a meal well done. Do you know that feeling, #?
These Big Folk! They come over here and steal our farms. Keep the Shire for the Hobbits, that's what I say!
Anyone for a third breakfast?
Pipe-weed is good. Mushrooms are better!
I am fond of mushrooms out of a field.
Good plain food is the food for me.
I go to bed late and get up late for breakfast. It's the only way to be!
Gardening is a fine way to spend a day.
A cup of tea for me!
The parties in the Shire are the best you'll ever see. Food, drink and merriment!
My relatives in Bree tell of strange goings-on...
You're almost as tall as old Bullroarer was! Have you heard the tale of how he created the game of golf?
They say the rich families keep treasure in their burrows. Chests packed with gold and silver... and jools!