Strange folk have been seen in these parts, and you look like one of them.
I hear you've been causing trouble round here.
You look like a troublemaker!
You look like a troublemaker, #.
Aren't you one of those strange folk I've heard talk of?
Stay away from the Shire, #.
Stay out of the Shire!
I shan't be lending you any of my pipe-weed!
We don't take kindly to folk like you.
You're not a nice fellow, #.
There's talk of strange folk round here. Might you be one of them?
If you'll be begging my pardon, you make me feel uncomfortable.
You're one for the Mewlips, #!
I knew you queer old Big Folk were trouble!
We don't appreciate folk like you in the Shire.
The Shire is no place for troublemakers like you!
You'd better leave the Shire, #, or I'll call the Shirriffs!
I've seen strange folk lurking around these parts, and you remind me of one of them. I don't trust you.
Get off my land!
Get off my land, #!
My pitchfork is pointy enough to make you think twice about returning to the Shire!
Don't try any of your Big Folk tricks on me!
Don't try any of your Big Folk tricks on me, #!
May you never savour Longbottom Leaf again!
I knew I couldn't trust you. Your feet are too small!
The Shire has been peaceful for hundreds of years and I daresay you'll regret changing that!
The Green Dragon will never serve you!
Leave me in peace!
Leave me in peace, #!
My cousin owns some very large dogs. You don't want to meet them, do you?
Interrupter of the peace!
Stop! Troublemaker!
Old Bullroarer would knock you down a hole or two!
Stay away from my potatoes!
The Shirriffs will see to you, #!
The wolf that one hears is worse than the Orc that one fears. But get between a Hobbit and their peace...
Only a fool would interrupt my mealtimes!
Second breakfast would be too good for you, #!
Go back over the hedge!
Strange folk meet strange ends!
Don't make me fetch my scythe!
Go back over the hedge, #!
You may be taller than me, #. But you're greater in no other way!
A troublemaker I see? The Shire only welcomes Hobbits! Begone!
Folk like you should have been given a good drownding!
You must be one of those ne'er-do-wells I keep hearing talk of!
We in the Shire don't take kindly to ne'er-do-wells like you, #.
Back off!
You're a ne'er-do-well if I ever saw one, #.
I don't want no trouble, #!
Now, now, let's not be having no trouble!
I don't want no trouble with you, #.
I don't mean no harm, #, but your kind aren't welcome here.