We alone know the secret roads of the sands.
These lands are harsh, but we know the ways of the desert.
Come inside my tent, #. You must need to cool off.
Take care to cover yourself against the Sun. She is harsh indeed in these lands.
Welcome to our lands, #.
We welcome you as a friend, but you are not one of us.
Our robes are a shield against the desert heat.
Are you thirsty, #? Such is the way of the desert.
You seem like the type who would know a good deal when you see one. I respect that.
If you end up in the Great Desert, seek out the green jewels. They are the key to your survival.
You don't seem like you're from around here.
Some find our lifestyle strange, but I see only strength in taming the heat of the desert.
Here's a tip for crossing the desert. Be sure to bring plenty of water!
Bandits are the least of my worries in the desert.
Bandits - those honourless thieves, they disgust me!
Don't you love a good desert breeze, #?
I prefer to follow the Arênin when we travel towards the Gulf.
I once stumbled upon a great ruin in the desert. But I haven't managed to find it again...
If you are like me, you meet a lot of different people who all act the same.
Your skin doesn't seem too familiar with the heat of the great desert yet.
I'm sure our endurance would outlast any other army if we did have to take up arms against the North.
I am one of the few who know the way across the desert to Ijdi-ilel.
I respect the competitive nature of those Gulfings.
I haven't met any of those Corsairs yet, but trade upon water sounds... fascinating.
One of the nice things about short visits is the fact that any unsavoury actions are forgotten by the time I return.
Pleasure to meet you, #.
The women of Bakrîzad always make someone like me feel welcome.
The Morwaith don't like haggling. Their trade is as uncultured as their prey.
Some of my friends stick around Ayûkaph-amâm. Something about an easy life. Ha, how boring!
If you should ever pass through Ajtiaz an-Ahâr, stay cautious. A lot can go unnoticed there...
Be sure to try the fruits of the Gulf if you are passing through, #.
Ijdi-ilel might be far, but weapons don't sell better anywhere else.
Have you seen the great beasts crossing the Arênin?
Ajtiaz an-Ahâr is a good place to catch up on what's going on in this world.
I personally believe Izêm-ulzuz has the most fascinating of bazaars.
I want to travel by the Arênin once more, before I retire.
Seek the shade. It might save your life!
Rumour has it that the dawn burns the sands of the east until they turn red.
I'm staying clear from Bakrîzad until those so-called Mûmakil are gone.
By the Serpent! How did you find our caravan, #?
You may be a friend of our people... but we nomads care more for the amount of silver you carry.
A camel is a man's best friend.