You don't look like you are from around here.
I used to join the trading ships from Ajtiaz an-Ahâr to visit the Eye of Harad.
Are you an escaped slave, or just a lost traveller?
Welcome, traveller. What brings you to these lands?
Are you a friend of the Haradrim, or do you come seeking strife?
It is rare indeed that we see Men of the North walk freely.
How did you enter our lands, #, and why?
No slave to the corruption of Gondor is welcome in our lands. Let us hope you do not serve Gondor, #!
Shall you aid us in the war against Gondor, #?
I hope you are no friend of the Aphûr-lâi, #. Well, if you were, you would be mere sun-scorched bones by now...
I have not seen travellers from the North in a long while. Many of those Men bring trouble with them...
Before long, the White City will be as one with the fine sands of the desert.
The serpent strangles the tree, #.
Did you get here by boat or by road?
If you are looking for a job, we can always use more men in the woods.
The Morwaith are cheap mercenaries, who will work for whoever is the highest bidder.
We will never forgive the Adûnâim for their crimes against our people.
Don't be fooled, #. The northerners are quick to use you for their own wishes.
If you are looking to join the fight, Gâth-azrazâin is the place to be.
The Corsairs would be nothing without us backing them up.
We do not serve the Great Eye out of fear. We serve him because we have one aim. The ruin of Gondor!
The Corsairs of Umbar have their mind set on victory. I can say that I share their thoughts.
It is a simple matter of mistreatment that fuels our devotion to our cause.
Sauron has promised us the lands of Gondor burning. That is enough for me.
I hope to become a warlord myself someday, #.
My family has always had an active role in the cause, #.
I follow the footsteps of my forefathers, and shall see their quest to an end.
Perhaps you and I will someday bring back a skull to add to the tower in Ninzâyan.
By the time this war is done, I fear, Lîpha-tûn will not be the only settlement built upon an old battlefield.
I am glad that our friends in the East are joining our cause.