You now walk on the green coastlands of Harad, #.
Have you seen the Gardens of Barûphel, #? They say the flowers there flourish forever.
One of my forefathers was once the favourite lover of Queen Barûphel.
I used to join the trading ships from Ajtiaz an-Ahâr to visit the Eye of Harad.
Welcome, traveller. What brings you to these lands?
Do you come to the coasts often, #?
It is not often that folk of the North-west find themselves wandering in our lands.
It is rare indeed that we see Men of the North walk freely.
I have seen few Men of the North indeed during my days beneath the sun.
I would welcome you, #, but my heart grows uneasy around a traveller from the North.
You are a long way from home now, #.
Do you serve the Lord of Mordor?
The Eye of him who rules the Dark Land is ever upon us.
You must hail from the roads of the Ninzâyanim. Do they let anyone pass these days?
It is clear to us: Ain an-Ahâr will pass the test of time.
Did you get here by boat or by road?
It is clear to us: Ajtiaz an-Ahâr will pass the test of time.
Did you get here by boat or by road?
If you are looking for a job, we can always use more men in the woods.
I have been to the town of Lîpha-tûn, where even the winds carry long-forgotten battlecries.
We will never forgive the Adûnâim for their crimes against our people.
You are free from the oppression of the North here.
The winds will soon change and bring the desert sands upon us.
A piece of advice, #: stay by the rivers if you don't want to get lost.
Did you know that our distant kinsmen, the Khopazûlim, reside on the other side of the desert?
I love Nurêmin for its lesser size. It keeps its people humble.
Cedar is such a lovely type of wood, wouldn't you agree?
South, North, East; no matter where we come from, our people will persevere. 
The Morwaith mercenaries aren't hostile to us. We have fought side by side for generations.
The Gate of Fuinur is a terrifying sight, #. Terrifying indeed.
The Corsairs of Umbar have their mind set on victory. I can say that I share those thoughts.
The sands have never done me wrong, yet I still long to see the green lands of the North.
I would rather be devoted to a false God than risk facing the wrath of Lord Sauron.
Ajtiaz an-Ahâr will soon be a worthy competitor to the Eye of Harad, #.
Tawînen still carries the cold waters from the mountains in its streams.
The Athrassir makes our lands green, and our trade golden.
Why would we bother travelling to Izêm-ulzuz, if the nomads and Morwaith already come to us?
There is no place more beautiful in this world than the Gardens of Barûphel.
My family has always had an active role in the cause, #.
Hard to imagine the Sand-Usurers picking up arms, but if it ever came to it, they surely would join our ranks.
How wicked is Gondor, that even the Morwaith took up arms against them?