The filthy Forest-Men hide in their trees. So we chop them down.
The fruits of our land are sweeter even than the wines of the Snake-Men!
War makes men!
At night the Great Lion prowls the plains. Make sure you are safe, #.
#! Do you come to bring tidings of the war?
Even our chieftains fear the flaming Eye.
May the Great Lion never devour your offspring!
The banner of our men stands stronger than ever.
Do you seek meat or merriment, #?
The flaming Eye seeks to burn the Men of the North.
Have you seen the North, #? They say the stars are strange there.
When the Great Lion roars, even the flaming Eye trembles.
A true warrior has the blood of the lion!
Gold and meat. What more do I need?
My dagger has pierced many a Forest-Man.
The Men of the Forests have the strength of a twig, the pride of a mango, and the wits of a Troll-Man!
The stars foretell death.
War is imminent. I shall finally be able to prove my strength!
The Forest-Men will fall to our warriors soon!
#, have you come to listen to my brave deeds?
My blade will stain the forest red!
If you want to kill Forest-Men, #, then join me, friend!
Our chieftains say that we must fight alongside the Troll-Men in the great war.
Beware the Troll-Men, #. They are demons in the form of Men.
The Troll-Men may march with us in the war to come, but I fear and hate them no less for this.
As long as we can remember, the Troll-Men have raided our villages and murdered our people. And now we must fight alongside them? I do not like this, #.
In the deep past, our chieftains led us out of the Shadow into the Sunlands. Now I fear the Shadow is falling upon us once more.
The tribes of the great forests have long been our enemies.
I know little of the Men in the North, but our chieftains say we must march to war against them. So we shall.
The Snake-Men take great interest in our furs and hides.
Merchants from the lands of the serpent often visit our tribe. Pay them no heed. They carry useless trinkets.
The Men of the Serpent make metal blades for us, but we must pay them back in kind.
Some of my people have gone to fight for the Serpent, for silver. Honourless, I call them.
King or slave, brave or weak, old or young... in time, the Great Lion devours us all.
The Serpent thinks it can strangle the Great Lion. The Serpent is a fool!
The Great Lion waits in the West, beyond the mountains. He waits for all Men, #.
The Snake-Men are proud, #. They forget that the Great Lion shall one day devour them too.
Beware the forests, #. Wicked Men lurk within.
Long ago, the Forest-Men made war against our people. We do not forget.
Praise the great Eye, #! He has made an end to the Troll-Men raids!