#title:On the Fallen Kingdom of the Sunwoods, Volume II
#author:Ardegil, teithron Minas Tirith
#types:gondor,rivendell
#reward
#
#By Ithilion Eleruth (High King Ithilion)
#
Volume II: The Fall of the Taurethrim

In time, it is said that the realm of the Taurethrim grew great, spreading from the Plains of the North to the Horn of the South, and from the arid inlands to the coasts the harsh battlecries of the Men of the Forests were heard. Their long-sundered kin, the Limwaith of the fenlands, fell under the dominion of the Forests, as did the many tribes of the inner Sunlands and some peoples west of the mountains. Dynasties of forgotten glory ruled, and the great cities, the jewels of Far Harad, grew mighty and were connected by roads of stone; the trading-town of Zadunkadar grew into a city, and the haven of Taurelondë became great among the Númenórean settlements in Middle-earth. Few of the Númenóreans ever entered the realm of the Taurethrim, but those who did brought back stories of wondrous riches.
But the Shadow fell upon both the settlers and the Taurethrim Kingdom, whose golden line of the Splendour-Kings was overthrown by a dark cult. Many Númenóreans were captured by the King Tizok and sacrificed to the gods of the Taurethrim. In response to these atrocities, the friendship of Númenór waned, and soon turned to hostility.
These troubles culminated in the Battle of Zadunkadar, in the year 1658 of the Second Age. In a fight said to last less than twenty minutes, eight thousands of the Taurethrim elite were slaughtered by a host of Númenórean Steelbowmen. The city was then sacked, the women taken, and one in every five men of the town executed. Following the battle, the Westmen began to exact heavy taxes and tribute upon the people of the forests. Much of the treasure was kept by the settlers, and the Númenóreans grew rich. However, many of the Taurethrim continued to waylay and assail the Men of the Sea, and strife between the two never ceased thereafter.

In those days the mightiest High King was called by the Taurethrim Kozawik, and he built great temples and pyramids, and bled his people of wealth and life. The Black Númenórean writings claim that he made alliance with Zigûrun - that is, Sauron, the Enemy. It is written that Sauron sent first his emissaries, and then came himself to the Taurethrim, with treasures and gifts of great might. To Kozawik he offered his friendship and secret lore, promising that the Taurethrim could rise again to their old strength and throw off the yoke of Númenórean domination. Sauron spoke long with Kozawik, and some say that he gave to him a Ring, in hope that he might ensnare the King and bring all the forest realm under his own dominion. The truth of this is not known, and it has been a matter much-debated.
Kozawik the Despised ruled longest of all the High Kings, in enduring strength and cruelty, but it is told that on a time he vanished without trace, and the most hated High King was never seen again by any of his people. Then after his disappearance, strife took all the Taurethrim, and their great realm faded away into petty chiefdoms and bloodstained woods.

Though the city of Zadunkadar was rebuilt, it never again rose to the glory of past days. The people of the Taurethrim suffered and grew to hate the cruel lords of the West. This hate grew even darker when Sauron came to Númenor; then the Black Númenóreans came not as conquerors, but slavers. Many were the men taken from the forests, to be put to the lash, or slain and burnt upon the altars of Morgoth.
The histories of the Númenóreans tell little more, save that the kingdoms of the forest failed, and that other tribes took the place of the Taurethrim, and the ancient glory was only half-remembered. The new tribes adopted the mantle of the old kings and venerated similar gods, but their tongues were confused. Those who may live in those forests today could scarcely claim the same name as the Taurethrim of old.
And when a day came of great upheaval, and the Sea roiled, all the Men of Númenor and the Forests were filled with fear; all the Harad quaked, and the Sea overcame some lands, and laid others bare. For the Isle had fallen. Of the Black Númenóreans - those who did not flee or drown in the chaos - and their dealings with the Taurethrim in this later age, little to nothing is known. But it is said that the havens of Taurelondë lie empty and broken beneath the Sun, a memory of vanished days.