Welcome to the land of Bree, Outsider.
We've been getting more Southerners coming up the Greenway lately.
You're not one of them Rangers, are you?
Be careful around those Rangers in the wild, they're uncanny.
If you seek for a place to stay, there is no better place than the Prancing Pony!
It's been raining a lot lately, have you noticed?
An Outsider? My, where did you come from then?
As long as those Southerners don't come looking for a place to stay in Bree, we will be fine.
If you are here for our excellent pipe-weed, we grow them on the southern slopes.
You aren't one of those sorcerers, are you?
#! Any news from your travels?
I plan on visiting some relatives in Staddle soon.
Keep your voice down! Them Rangers have unnatural hearing, I tell you.
I heard a lot of robbers have been going up to Deadmen's Dike lately.
I don't trust those Southerners, where do they plan on going? I hope not here.
There have been some strange folk coming up the Greenway.
I heard a grey wanderer came by recently, left in a hurry too.
First those Black Riders, now you. What a strange time.
If you are in need of a supply of Southlinch, you should try the markets.
Not a lot of people know this, but Bree was the first to discover pipe-weed.
Don't let those Shirefolk tell you they invented smoking pipe-weed. Bree-folk did it before Old Toby did.
We aren't getting a lot of travellers from the West anymore.
You don't happen to have some Southfarthing pipe-weed on you, do you?
Have you been close to those barrows West of here? The place gives me the creeps.
If you plan on heading further East, make sure to stop by the Forsaken Inn - it's the last civilised place that way.
I'm originally from Archet, a smaller community in Chetwood.
Combe is all right, but I prefer Bree-hill myself.
I love listening to tales and songs from the Outsiders.
Everytime the Dwarves come by, our coffers are filled with gold and our casks are empty of ale.
Be sure you don't wander into the Barrow-downs West from here. They're bad luck, I tell you.
I never see those Rangers do anything useful, I can't tell if that means they are that good or that lazy.
News came that something is stirring in the East. I hope it doesn't reach Bree.
It has been raining an awful lot here lately...
There's an old saying here in Bree: when the rain comes, strange folk follow.
Rain, rain, rain. Nothing but rain here in Bree. What I would not do for some snow, instead.
They say when it rains the best tales are told over a flagon of ale.
I would never leave Bree. Not even to visit the Shire.
The Underhill family has been acting weird lately.
Have you heard any news from the Shire?
Any news from the Colonists?
We used to get more Colonists coming over, I wonder what stops them?
Most Hobbits here live either in Staddle or higher up Bree-hill.
It's nice having the Big Folk around. They are more intimidating against Outsiders.
Our family has lived in Bree-land since before the Shire was founded!
The Big Folk may not seem as much, but Bree would not be the same without them.
It rained so much last year, I almost learned how to swim!